I am Loki of Asgard.
You were born to be king.
LOKI: I should be king.
He's always been jealous of Thor.
And I am burdened with glorious purpose.
Last chance, Variant.
I beg your pardon.
MISS MINUTES:
Welcome to the Time Variance Authority.
Long ago, the Time-Keepers
created the Sacred Timeline.
But sometimes, people like you veer off
the path the Time-Keepers created.
We call those Variants.
Variant L1130, AKA Loki Laufeyson.
-How do you plead?
-(CHUCKLES)
Should you return, what are you gonna do?
Claim my throne.
MOBIUS: Maybe I can
offer you something better.
A fugitive Variant's been
killing our Minutemen.
LOKI: And you need the God of Mischief
to help you stop him?
MOBIUS: That's right.
Why me?
The Variant we're hunting is...
you.
-I'm Sylvie.
-You changed your name. Brilliant.
-It's called an alias.
-It's not very Loki-like.
Yeah? What exactly makes a Loki a Loki?
LOKI: Independence, authority, style.
SYLVIE: You're not a serious man.
You're right. I'm a God.
You're a clown.
You got drunk on the train.
Another!
I'm hedonistic. That's what I do.
The plan you interrupted
was years in the making.
LOKI: What, your glorious purpose?
SYLVIE: The universe wants to break free,
so it manifests chaos.
Like me being born
the Goddess of Mischief.
Dragon swoops towards the palace.
The TVA showed up...
There's our Variant.
SYLVIE: ...erased my reality,
and took me prisoner.
No! No!
Help him!
JUDGE: Next case!
(GRUNTS)
SYLVIE: Because I'm not supposed to exist.
I was just a child.
You were just a child
but you nearly took down the organization
that claims to govern the order of time.
You did it on your own.
You ran rings around them. You're amazing!
-What's so funny?
-(CHUCKLING) You like her.
-What?
-You like her. Does she like you?
I don't know how to do this.
I don't even know what we're doing.
How do I know that, in the final moments,
you won't betray me?
I won't let you down.
You sure?
'Cause if we make it,
there might be a timeline for you to rule.
LOKI: Am I dead?
(GASPS)
VOICE: Not yet.
KID LOKI: This is the place
where the TVA dumps its rubbish,
everything they prune.
WOMAN: A void at the end of time.
Hello, which one of us are you?
And now I'm surrounded
by Variants of myself, plus an alligator,
which I'm heart-broken to report
I didn't even find all that strange.
He's overly sensitive like the rest of us.
So what's the next move?
SYLVIE: The TVA needs to be brought down.
We don't know who created it
or where they are,
but that thing out there does.
Glorious purpose!
I think we're stronger than we realize.
SYLVIE: If I can get close enough to it,
I can enchant it,
and it's gonna take me
to whoever's behind all of this.
MISS MINUTES:
Welcome to The Citadel at the End of Time.
Y'all had an awfully long journey
to get here.
He's impressed.
Who's impressed?
MISS MINUTES: He Who Remains.
Come on in.
You came to kill the devil.
(GRUNTS)
But I keep you safe.
Then what are you so afraid of?
My variants.
Eons ago, a variant of myself
discovered that there were universes
stacked on top of his own.
MALE VOICE: The multiverse.
HE WHO REMAINS: At the same time,
other versions of us
were learning the same thing.
-To some of us...
-MAN: I am Kang!
...new worlds meant only
new lands to be conquered.
My variants played
with time like children.
I saw their chaos
spreading across realities,
endless incursions.
So I took control.
The peace between realities
erupted into all-out war.
This was almost the end
of everything and everyone.
However...
Once I isolated our timeline,
all I had to do
was prevent any further branches.
Hence, the TVA.
But now you kill me and destroy all this,
so you don't just have one devil,
you have an infinite amount. Or...
You two run the thing.
Return to the TVA
as its benevolent rulers.
Sylvie, stop.
What if he's telling the truth?
What, that a bazillion boogeymen
will turn up
just because we give people free will?
Remove the dictator
and what fills the void?
Ah.
You want the throne?
Really? That's what you think of me...
Better hurry.
Timeline's already branching.
LOKI: I don't want a throne.
I just want you to be okay.
But I'm not you.
(GRUNTS)
I'll see you soon.
LOKI: We made a terrible mistake.
We freed the Timeline.
It's done, Mobius.
-What's done?
-Someone is coming.
Countless different versions
of a very dangerous person.
And they're all set on war.
We need to prepare.
MOBIUS: Take it easy.
You're an analyst, right?
-What division are you from?
-What?
-What are you talking about?
-Who are you?
HUNTER B-15:
Boots on the ground now. Archives.
MOBIUS: Who are you? What's your name?
(LOKI BREATHING HEAVILY)